README.md, before:

# Saapas

<img src="saapas.png" align="right">

Opinionated example project for ClojureScript using Boot instead of Leiningen.
Was inspired by [chestnut] but has grown since to include other stuff to
demonstrate Boot.

This is not an Leiningen template as I don't believe in setting up complex
projects automatically. Instead you should study this project and copy
only stuff you need and understand.

### Prerequisites

You should first [install Boot][install]. Also you should be running the
latest version.

## Features

- Uses [component] and [reloaded.repl] to provide utilities to `start`,
  `stop` and `reset` (reload) the app.
- Simple [Compojure][compojure] backend
- Simple [Reagent][reagent] frontend
- [LESS][less] to write stylesheets
  - [boot-less] is able to import files from classpath
  - You can add dependency to e.g. bootstrap from [webjars][webjars] to
    your regular dependencies and then use `@import "bootstrap/less/bootstrap.less"`
    on your `.less` files.
- `dev` task starts the whole development workflow
  - Check `boot dev --help` for options
  - [Browser repl][boot-cljs-repl] included
  - Watches for file changes
    - \*.less changes trigger less compilation
    - \*.cljs changes trigger [cljs][boot-cljs] compilation
  - [Live-reloading][boot-reload]
    - \*.js, \*.css, \*.html changes send notification to browser thought WebSocket and browser loads the new files
- `package` task creates uberjar
  - Cljs will be compiled using `:advanced` optimization
  - Uses minified react.js

## Usage

To start everything run:
```
$ boot dev
boot.user=>
# App should now be running, you can use following commands to restart the app
boot.user=> (stop) ; Stop app
boot.user=> (start) ; Start app
boot.user=> (reset) ; Stop, reload all namespaces, start
```

If you want a repl where you can execute commands, you can start a nrepl
client which connects to the nrepl server started by the dev task by running
```
$ boot repl -c
```

## License

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns:vcard="http://www.w3.org/2001/vcard-rdf/3.0#">
  <a rel="license"
     href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">
    <img src="http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png" style="border-style: none;" alt="CC0" />
  </a>
  <br />
  To the extent possible under law,
  <span resource="[_:publisher]" rel="dct:publisher">
    <span property="dct:title">Juho Teperi</span></span>
  has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
  <span property="dct:title">Saapas</span>.
This work is published from:
<span property="vcard:Country" datatype="dct:ISO3166"
      content="FI" about="[_:publisher]">
  Suomi</span>.
</p>

[chestnut]: https://github.com/plexus/chestnut
[install]: https://github.com/boot-clj/boot#install
[component]: https://github.com/stuartsierra/component
[reloaded.repl]: https://github.com/weavejester/reloaded.repl
[compojure]: https://github.com/weavejester/compojure
[reagent]: https://github.com/reagent-project/reagent
[LESS]:http://lesscss.org/
[boot-less]: https://github.com/Deraen/boot-less
[webjars]: http://www.webjars.org
[boot-cljs]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-cljs
[boot-cljs-repl]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-cljs-repl
[boot-reload]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-reload

Commit message:

Add note about autotest task

README.md, after:

# Saapas

<img src="saapas.png" align="right">

Opinionated example project for ClojureScript using Boot instead of Leiningen.
Was inspired by [chestnut] but has grown since to include other stuff to
demonstrate Boot.

This is not an Leiningen template as I don't believe in setting up complex
projects automatically. Instead you should study this project and copy
only stuff you need and understand.

### Prerequisites

You should first [install Boot][install]. Also you should be running the
latest version.

## Features

- Uses [component] and [reloaded.repl] to provide utilities to `start`,
  `stop` and `reset` (reload) the app.
- Simple [Compojure][compojure] backend
- Simple [Reagent][reagent] frontend
- [LESS][less] to write stylesheets
  - [boot-less] is able to import files from classpath
  - You can add dependency to e.g. bootstrap from [webjars][webjars] to
    your regular dependencies and then use `@import "bootstrap/less/bootstrap.less"`
    on your `.less` files.
- `dev` task starts the whole development workflow
  - Check `boot dev --help` for options
  - [Browser repl][boot-cljs-repl] included
  - Watches for file changes
    - \*.less changes trigger less compilation
    - \*.cljs changes trigger [cljs][boot-cljs] compilation
  - [Live-reloading][boot-reload]
    - \*.js, \*.css, \*.html changes send notification to browser thought WebSocket and browser loads the new files
- `package` task creates uberjar
  - Cljs will be compiled using `:advanced` optimization
  - Uses minified react.js
- `autotest` task to run Clj and Cljs tests whenever files are changed

## Usage

To start everything run:
```
$ boot dev
boot.user=>
# App should now be running, you can use following commands to restart the app
boot.user=> (stop) ; Stop app
boot.user=> (start) ; Start app
boot.user=> (reset) ; Stop, reload all namespaces, start
```

If you want a repl where you can execute commands, you can start a nrepl
client which connects to the nrepl server started by the dev task by running
```
$ boot repl -c
```

## License

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns:vcard="http://www.w3.org/2001/vcard-rdf/3.0#">
  <a rel="license"
     href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">
    <img src="http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png" style="border-style: none;" alt="CC0" />
  </a>
  <br />
  To the extent possible under law,
  <span resource="[_:publisher]" rel="dct:publisher">
    <span property="dct:title">Juho Teperi</span></span>
  has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
  <span property="dct:title">Saapas</span>.
This work is published from:
<span property="vcard:Country" datatype="dct:ISO3166"
      content="FI" about="[_:publisher]">
  Suomi</span>.
</p>

[chestnut]: https://github.com/plexus/chestnut
[install]: https://github.com/boot-clj/boot#install
[component]: https://github.com/stuartsierra/component
[reloaded.repl]: https://github.com/weavejester/reloaded.repl
[compojure]: https://github.com/weavejester/compojure
[reagent]: https://github.com/reagent-project/reagent
[LESS]:http://lesscss.org/
[boot-less]: https://github.com/Deraen/boot-less
[webjars]: http://www.webjars.org
[boot-cljs]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-cljs
[boot-cljs-repl]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-cljs-repl
[boot-reload]: https://github.com/adzerk/boot-reload
